doc(webhooks): add details of the logging (#16374)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/webhooks.mdx

}
```

## Monitoring

> Logging history of webhook calls is available under the `net` schema of your database. For further informations see the [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/supabase/pg_net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging history of webhook calls is available under the `net` schema of your database. For more info, see the [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/supabase/pg_net).
```
